#labels Phase-Deploy,Phase-QA
= TowerD Defense Game =
Developers:
Sharol Chand
Joshua Henninger
Richard Holland
Paola Medina 
Emilio E. Venegas
Adam Vierra

= Introduction =

*Currently we are working on being able to create an executable file for Qt that would allow you run the game, thus by-passing all required the steps listed in this wiki to make the game run.

Qt is a programming software used to create software application that utilize a GUI (Graphic User Interface). The coding language we used to create this game was C++.

This is a tower defense game. The object of the game is to prevent monsters to reach your castle. The monsters get killed by towers that are placed along their path of travel. The user places towers along the side of the path and the towers shoot and damage the monsters health. Once the health of the monsters is brought to zero, the monsters die.


= Set up Instructions =

Requirements:
             * Must have Qt installed on your machine.

Install step:
1. Download the folder labeld "TowerD.zip" to your desktop or folder of your choice from the downloads section.

2. Extract the files from the folder. (Usually done by right clicking on the zipped folder and clicking on "Extract all". Then just follow the prompts on your screen.)

   (or Click this link 
   http://puzzle.sci.csueastbay.edu/~vh8785/Softengr/TowerD.rar
 

   For Screen Shot images of where to click please visit :
    http://puzzle.sci.csueastbay.edu/~vh8785/Softengr/SoftEngr/Screen%20shot.html )
           
3. Open the TowerD folder and open the TowerD (Qt project file). This should open Qt automatically and start parsing.
             
4. Click Run (the green triangle) 


How to play the Tower Defense game:

1. Click on the tower and then click on a place where you would like to place your tower. You can continue to place towers as long as you have the money to buy them.

2. Click Start to start the game - this starts sending waves of monsters towards your castle. As long as you have money, you are allowed to continue adding towers.
            
3. The towers automatically kill monsters if the monsters are in the tower's range. For every monster hit, you earn 10 points and 10 coins. If the monster makes it way all the end of the path, it has reached the castle, therefore the health of the castle will be decremented. For each monster that reaches the castle, the health is decremented by 1 point. 

4. In every wave that comes, the number of monsters is increased, level up. 

